I am Destin and welcome back to Smarter Every Day. So ... are we in my daughter's bathroom now?
I have been told that here is a spider that uh,
Well, I am the father. That's what I do. I slaughter spiders.
And so, before I kill him in a great way,
wherever I choose to go, I go this one
put macro lenses on this camera to see if we have a pair
'close-ups' can get a violin spider. So,
this must be interesting. Here he is.
Let's put one lens on it. Violin spiders have say
eyes, in contrast to the eight eyes that spiders normally have. They are poisonous,
so they inject poison into the body. There is a difference between injecting poison and possessing poison on the body.
When violin spiders come into contact with people, they just bite
about 50% of people. They are not very aggressive. But, another
interesting fact is that when they come into contact with pappies,
those little daughters have, they die by fire in 100% of the cases.
I wonder if that's the web? [Many pesticides that are effective against the violin spider are now illegal]
Does he make material that came out of the side? [Many pesticides that are effective against the violin spider are now illegal]
[Death tamping or glue traps are the only proven eradication methods]
Does not matter. It is dead and he will not hurt my daughter. [Death tamping or glue traps are the only proven eradication methods]
OK, that seemed a bit brutal, but I'm not kidding when it comes to my children. And before you complain
in the comments: the reason I did not kill him immediately is that I live in this area
where those spiders live, let them know exactly how these spiders work
look. You look for the violin-like stain up their back shield.
Those are the spiders that have hemotoxins in their poison and that will hurt,
very. These animals can live for months without eating or drinking. They hide
in duvets and you get them out of your closet, without you thinking about it. Put them on your bed
and they will bite you and before you know it, bits of your body will rot off.
I do not always kill spiders, but when I do, I try to do this with fire. Anyway, I'm Destin
and you become smarter every day. Just kill them with fire, do it for me. Good day.
After this I go back to the Amazon rainforest. Bye.
[MUSIC]
It is a scorpion without a tail. - Oh guest,
that is the ugliest beast I have ever seen.
[Original subtitles by Andrew Jackson] [Translation by Michael Atsma]
Translation to other languages ​​is very popular. Contact Destin if you want to help.